chore: remove testing feature from cli (#670)
0xPolygonMiden/miden-client: bin/miden-cli/README.md

You can either build from source with:

```bash
cargo build --release --features "concurrent"
```

> The `concurrent` features is enabled to improve proving times.

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
The `concurrent` feature is enabled to improve execution and proving times.
```
